=== Deep learning reconstruction of ultrashort pulses.pdf ===
rtial measurements. Both the PCGPA and the ptychographic FROG can reconstruct ultrashort pulses at fairly low signal-to-noise ratios (SNRs) after manual pre-processing [13]. However, without the fil- tering stage, their performance deteriorates at low SNR to the extent that FROG 
 (DNNs), and show (on simu- lated data) that our trained network outperforms other state- of-the-art techniques for low SNR measurements. We further develop our methodology by modifying the network training stage to combine both supervised and unsupervised learning, and show that
le to reconstruct ultrashort pulses from low SNR experimental data, while being trained on simulated data. More specifically, we train a convolutional neural network (CNN) to learn the inverse mapping of the FROG measurement fun
ation in advance. As we show in simulations below, this methodology enables the reconstruction of pulses, even from low SNR data. However, transferring this technique to experi- ments would require training the DNN on tens of thousands of measured pulses, which is clearly a drawb
ks trained strictly on simulated data. Our reconstruction outperforms PCGPA and ptychographic FROG in the regime of low SNR, while matching their performance for high SNR data. Recovering the structure of ultrashort pulses through neural network techniques was pioneered more than
ing a DNN that was trained with simulated data. We train two variants of the DeepFROG algo- rithm, one without injected noise in the traces during training, and the second with injected noise (WGN), sampled uniformly to have SNR values of 0–30 dB. Every FROG trace in the training
ch were not part of the training set) with varying levels of noise. The DeepFROG variant that was trained with noise achieves lower reconstruction error, calculated by δ /.0136k Er − Ei k1, than classical methods for SNR values below 22 dB. Figure 5 presents an example from the s
g. 4. Learning stage. Reconstruction error and STD as a function of SNR for different methods: DeepFROG DNNs trained with no noise (blue) or 0 –30 dB SNR (red) training sets, ptychographic FROG (yellow), and PCGPA (dashed black). DeepFROG trained with
 noisy data reaches the lowest error at SNR values below 20 dB. Research Article Vol. 5, No. 5 / May 2018 / Optica 669Figure 4 shows, in simulations, that the DeepFROG DNN trained with some added noise outperforms both ptyc
hographic FROG and PCGPA for SNR lower than 20 dB. Based on these simulations, we believe that training the DNN on experimentally measured data will facilitate similar results on experiments. However, training the DNN requires some 60,000 pulses, which clearly sets an experimenta
eate a DNN to be trained by simulated data, and would still be able to handle experimentally measured data, even at low SNR. To deal with this issue, we cre- ated the second unsupervised procedure (Fig. 3(C)), in which we impose the mathematical relation between the pulse and the
 pulse, is able to accurately reconstruct ultrashort pulses from their experimentally measured FROG traces, even at low SNR. In fact, as we show below, our network outperforms other state-of-the-art techniques for low SNR data. To test this, we turn to reconstruct ultrashort lase
ty. As the reference pulse, we use a Fig. 5. Reconstruction of a simulated example pulse, which was not included in the training set, from its FROG trace with 10 dB SNR, using PCGPA, ptychography, and DeepFROG. (A) Noisy simulated FROG measurement at 10 dB SNR. (B), (C), (D) are 
the error achieved by other algorithms. Fig. 6. Reconstruction of an experimentally generated reference pulse. (A) High SNR SHG FROG measurement of the reference pulse. (B) Reconstruction of the pulse from (A) with the commonly used algorithms: ptychographic FROG, PCGPA, and the 
e commercial reconstruction FROG program by the Trebino group. Fig. 7. Reconstruction of an experimental pulse from low SNR FROG measurements. (A) Measured FROG trace. (B), (C), (D) FROG traces constructed from the pulses reconstructed by PCGPA, ptychographic FROG, and DeepFROG, 
ulses and their reconstruction errors. Additionally, the δ I errors between the recon- structed FROG traces and the low SNR measured trace are 0.49, 0.44, and 0.32 for PCGPA, Ptychography, and DeepFROG, respectively (not shown in figure). The modified DeepFROG displays the lowest
or both the pulse and the FROG trace. Research Article Vol. 5, No. 5 / May 2018 / Optica 670pulse measured at high SNR, where all the methods yield virtually identical reconstructions. Then, we use the same pulse measured at low SNR as the test pulse, and as we show below, our co
pare our results to a known reference pulse, we mea- sure two FROG traces from the same pulse, one measured at a higher SNR than the other, to be used as a reference for the noisier case. To reconstruct the reference pulse in the case of the high SNR, we use three methods: PCGPA,
d the Trebino group software [ 33] for FROG pulse reconstruction. Because of the high SNR, we can use the error between the mea- sured and reconstructed FROG traces as a recovery quality criterion. The results are shown in Fig. 6. The reconstructions are similar, with 
se the pulse recovered by the Trebino group software as a reference. Then, we turn to reconstruct pulses from their low SNR experimentally measured FROG traces. We compare among three reconstruction methods —PCGPA and ptychographic FROG, both state-of-the-art methods, with our De
 the recovered one Er is the lowest for the DeepFROG method. In Fig. 8,w es h o wt h e pulse recovery from the same low SNR measured FROG trace, but after using noise filtering on the trace. Here, both PCGPA and ptychography achieve a slightly better reconstruction than the pro- 
m, when comparing the reconstructed FROG traces to the high SNR measured FROG trace. To summarize this section, we find that the DeepFROG is able to handle low SNR data and perform almost as the PCGPA and ptychography do at high SNR. These exp
erimental results match the performance we expected for low and high SNR values in the training stage, thus confirming the high potential of using DNNs for pulse reconstruction. 4. DISCUSSION The proposed DeepFROG method for reconstructing ultrashort pulses from FROG measure
iment). For the first method, which uses solely computer-generated pulses for training, the DNN outperforms the other methods for any SNR below a reasonably high SNR of 20 dB on test pulses (pulses that were not used by the network for raining). This im- plies that 
rs δ E , relative to the reference pulse. Additionally, the δI errors between the reconstructed FROG traces and the low SNR measured trace are 0.102, 0.103, and 0.092 for PCGPA, Ptychography, and DeepFROG, respectively (not shown in figure). In this filtered trace reconstruction,
l pulse. As we show in Figs. 7 and 8, the network that was trained using a combi- nation of supervised and unsupervised training procedures pro- vided better reconstruction on experimental data than other algorithms, when the noise level was high, and was slightly below them at h

=== Recovery of ultrashort optical pulses from 2D SHG-FROG traces based on modified Resnet-50 model.pdf ===

